feat: change landing page to be more generic (#379)
momentohq/public-dev-docs: docs/intro.md

---
sidebar_position: 1
sidebar_class_name: sidebar-item-overview
sidebar_label: Momento
title: Momento Documentation

> description: Learn what you need to know to speed up your cloud application with the world's first serverless cache.

Author: I deliberately didn't change the description if it was better for SEO

  <meta name="google-site-verification" content="jXAJxglm5PRXRtL0R8kfGf80Xs1WM3IVAwAUPJC23lI" />
</head>

Momento provides instantly scalable and simply priced data platform you can take to production today. It currently provides
the below suite of serverless distributed services:

> - Momento Cache is the world's first truly serverless caching service. It provides instant elasticity, scale-to-zero capability, zero infrastructure management, and blazing-fast performance. With Momento Cache, you grab the SDK, you get an end point, input a few lines into your code, and you're off and running. [Learn More](./introduction/what-is-serverless-caching.md)

Reviewer: While we are changing things, we should get the newer text for this. "world's first truly serverless caching..." need to be removed.

- Momento Topics is a high-speed, low-drag serverless pub/sub (publish/subscribe) messaging pattern that allows for real-time communication between parts of a distributed system. Momento Topics allows your apps to subscribe to topics to receive items published to the topic by your app’s publishers. [Learn More](./introduction/momento-topics.md)

> - Momento Vector Index simplifies vector database management with a truly serverless service, and provides the fastest path to get your AI project production ready at scale. [Join our waitlist](https://events.gomomento.com/momento-vector-index)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Momento Vector Index (MVI) is a scalable, developer-friendly vector index service designed for real-time storage and retrieval of vector data for AI-powered applications. [Join our waitlist](https://events.gomomento.com/momento-vector-index)
```
